Brother Bei, please stop talking. Just keep saying this.
That money is when people hear that she gave birth to her life
Even though I can't find a job
That's something wrong with your brain.
Do you know what you just said?
If it spreads to the Qian family and is planted,
What is the price in the future?
I guess you'll still cut it off and beg me.
Someone who can make money, you are called a creature
If you're afraid, it's all a matter of course
What you just said
Then the news will be sent to the Qian family to say thank you.
It turns out that the situation of the first three spinners is so good
He knows
He should have been allowed just now
How many can be forced?
Don't be angry if I become you, little brother
He is acting like this because he had a bad day
Just pretend you didn't hear anything, okay boy?
He has none
You first punished Qianjia for offending him.
Are you a person with blue flowers on your hands?
What is this?
Not the whole family
I will become such a powerful force
You are particularly far away from nature
Do you have something special to stay away from?
Don't be afraid that you won't even be able to leave your feet
I will release you now
Send to front clip
see what
how did you die
Don't know
Then what I just watched
Don’t talk about whether there was a dead brother before.
I am like the general manager of Zhongba people
Tight surface with front clamp
Go down again
The matter is so big
Neither you nor me are good